We are going to talk about how our brains works and how to translate
that to an artificial neural network. We will also learn about the
components of this kind of network and how to connect it to the car
so it can drive itself.

neural networks are computing systems inspired by the biological neural
networks in our brains. The neurons in our brain are built up by a
cell body, dendrites and an axon. The dendrites are the input of the
neuron, the cell body is the processing unit and the axon is the output.
When stimulated, the dendrites send a signal to the cell body. The cell
body processes the signal and sends a signal through the axon to other
neurons. The axon is connected to the dendrites of other neurons. This
is how the neurons are connected to each other. The connections between
the neurons are called synapses. The synapses are the weights of the
neural network. The weights are the most important part of the neural
network. They determine how the network behaves. The weights are
multiplied with the input and the result is the output of the neuron.

So a single neuron does something really simple, and intelligence only
comes when they work as a team. Our brains have about 86 billion neurons
in the brain alone, we also have quite many of them in our spinal cord
and sensory organs like our eyes and ears. These sensors send signals to
some neurons that pass it to the brains. There the processing happens
like a chain reaction where some neurons fire, some don't, eventually
signals arriving to motor neurons that pass them through you spinal cord
and make some muscles contract in very specific ways.

A lot happens in a split second when someone suddenly throws a ball at
you for example. Sensors inside the ear pick up compression waves from the
air and send signals to the brain which figures out the direction based on
different intensities in the two ears. Signals then travel to the neck
muscles which turn your head in the direction of the sound. The eyes catch
a glimpse of what's happening and use signals to notify the brain.
Peripheral vision is blurry, but provides good enough information to
detect some kind of object approaching and new signals travel to facial
muscles to contract and protect the eyes from getting hurt. At the sames time
the brain begins kind of defence protocol by sending signals throughout the
body. Time passes and the image becomes more clear. The brain does pattern
matching and recognizes the object as a ball. Contextual and historical
information will play and important role in what happens next. let's stick
to the first one. The brain concludes there is no threat and uses knowledge
about physics it learned during it's lifetime to predict where the  object is
headed. It then sends new signals to the muscles to contract in a slightly
different ways to catch the object instead of blocking it. One history where
the brain did the good thing and not much happens after that. But sometimes
the brain makes a mistake and the ball hits you in the face. The brain will
learn from that and next time it will do a better job at predicting the path
of the ball and the actions needed to catch it properly.

Our car's neural network will do something like that. Neurons on the first
layer will be connected to the sensors, they will send signals forward a few
times, and the last layer will be connected to the car controls to make it move.
We will be working with relatively small networks here, but that ok because we
actually don't need a very large network to solve this problem.

Now... implementing all this in one shot is... scary indeed. But it's easier
if you break it into levels. Each level has a floor and a ceiling and connections
in between. The ceiling of one level is the floor of the next and so on. Now, let's
start to code one of these levels. 